Fix envoy update procedure (#1222)
cybozu/neco-containers: maintenance.md

- [Contour Compatibility Matrix](https://projectcontour.io/resources/compatibility-matrix/)

1. Check the [release page](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/releases).
2. Update `version` of the `build_envoy` job in [`.github/workflows/main.yaml`](/.github/workflows/main.yaml).

> 3. Update `clang_archive_path` in the same file if you want to update the clang version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update `clang_archive_path` in [`.github/workflows/main.yaml`](/.github/workflows/main.yaml) if you want to update the clang version.
```

nit: I think it would be better to write the filename to avoid mistakes.
